The Daily Plans/Log of 1101 10 (face-to-face) 

2020-02-3
Roll
Quizzes
3 Questions
Maps as Arguments
Navigating Museum Websites 


2020-01-29

Assignment: bring what you take notes in for this class next week on Monday. 
Discuss: what is your life in tags? 
Structural tagging or metadata can reproduce historical perspectives, often in skewed ways. Only looking for proper names, will only give you people with proper names? "Undated" is a death knell and reproducing the language of the past makes finding materials challenging. Chose only one category of your metadata: what would you miss in searching for only that category?
Turn in Green Sheets
Questons about Impeachment (15 minutes max): useful terms- guilt/innocence, burden of proof (criminal, civil, military, special), rules of evidence. 



2020-01-27
1. What is a transfer pathway? A degree plan that four-year state schools will automatically accept you with junior status. 
2. True or False: If you are failing a class, you should withdraw so it doesn't show up on your class record? 
3. Highlighting is as good a practice as note taking for learning new material: True or False? 

2020-01-22 
Roll
Erika Lee Talk
3 questions:
 - If you lose housing, where can you go to learn about your options: Resource Center or Advising Center
  - If you want to know when you financial aid will be disbursed, who can you ask? - Faculty or financial aid office. 
  - If you want to help with your sociology project, where can you go? Tutoring center, Library, or tutor.com through D2L.
  
Review quizzes, reflections. 


2020-01-15 
Roll
Get to know you
Intro to History (CE, BCE, centuries)
Worktime

2020-01-13

Five facts that complicate our ability to find evidence about the past:
1. The internet exists and people use it to learn new information.
2. There is more non-evidence based information on the internet than evidence-based information. 
3. More than 50% of searches on google result in no-clicks.
4. Your use of the internet is tracked extensively. 
5. Web pages do not exist, but are conjured upon clicks. 

This is World History 1
D2L and Homepage
Resources for students (on syllabus) 


Consultation: Conversation- Introduce yourself and share at least one thing you have learned that has made you successful in your academic career. 
It could be knowledge, a skill, or a mentality. 

From this list, please chose three knowledge statements to investigate before Thursday.
